I'm stoked oh hi Thomas
a few weeks ago someone told us you
could surf in Montreal none of us really
know how to surf but we had to see it it
turns out that the Sun along river has
Rapids with a current strong enough to
generate waves that you can surf on some
friends referred us to an awesome
company called KS KS F is located
southwest of Montreal and has
instructors that agreed to help us out
on a last minute call if you're from
Montreal or ever visit Montreal you have
to try this so as always after having
forgotten half the things we needed for
the trip and being 15 minutes late we
finally arrived I'm not scared at all
it'll be fun I'm gonna shred the knob
baby I'm gonna shred the gnar we signed
our lives away got equipped every inch
from your face everything and fun our
instructor for the day Lola when we
arrived no one except for the
instructors seemed to be able to catch
any of the ways even while
Oh
we were up for the challenge so yeah
let's get it Mars for sure it's not
going to make it out of this highlight
football you got the basics and we're
ready to go
all we need now is a surfer mashup
after solid warm-up session we were
ready to get away
and there's many times in the show
a lot harder than I expected and before
we left amar was weirdly confident I
shout out to Billabong think you're
gonna be running after me after Celia
yeah sponsorship deals just email me
Laura's like the type that nature it's
just headed down
Ammar kept coming in way too fast while
mad well
Darrin wasn't certain today would seem
to have a blast watching his failed with
two out
haha
and I finally got the truth
those awesome
whatever I'm good I'm gonna take it oh
sure yeah come on at least you're the
gentleman of the day river surfing was
awesome and shoutouts to ksf and Lola
we were amusing even though it was a lot
more challenging than it looked
we experienced a part of Montreal we
never knew existed see you tomorrow